" ; " --- Semi-colon
	defination of Semi --- half,partial
" : " ---- colon

"method" and "function" are same.

Compiler
	Compiler converts the "source file" into the "machine code".
		"machine code"
			This code consists of "1s" and "0s" which are the only thing that the computer understands.
			The computer does not understands any thing execpt "0s" and "1s"
	
	Compilers are the software which are mostly available for free.
	Different Language have differnt compilers.
	While downloading compiler they also include some "inbuilt function" for the ease of code.
	
	
Introduction
	1. C# is a powerful Object Orientated language.
		Orientated --- revoles around
	2. The language is "case-sensitive".
		Capital letters matters.
		Example
			Tomato and tomato are not same 
			Mansoor and mansoor are two differnt people
			
	3. Lines terminate with "semi-colons".
	4. Code is put in code blocks "{ }"
	5. Inline comments start with "//"
	 	Example
			//This is a comment
			This is not a comment
	6. "Block comments" or "Multi-line Comment" start with " /* */ ".
	   This covers multiple lines 
		Example
			/* This 
				is 
				a Comment */
	7. The compiler ignores Tabs and white spaces. They are used to improve the readability of code.​
	8. Semi-colon are used to end the statements and let the compiler know that the statements are finished.

​



		
Declaration order​
	1. "using" "Statement"
		Ex:
			using System;
			using System.web;
			using System.Data.Entity;
			using System.console;
	2. "namespace" "declaration"
		In c# you need to declare each class in a namespace.
		We can create "N" number of classes in a namespace but only one class contains the "main" function.
		There should not be multiple "main" functions in the same "source file".
			"source file" --- the file in which we write the code is called "source file"
			
		We cannot use same class name which is already declared in the same namespace.
		You can not conflict with one class name declared in one namespace with the same class name declared in another.
			conflict --- ఘర్షణ
		The System.console can be used in C# programs. The System can be defined as "namespace", and Console is considered as a "class".
		Konni sarlu class name same use cheyalsi vastundi and a classes differnt operations perform chestai so ah time lo manam differnt "namespace" create chesi andulo a class ni create cheyochu
	3. "class" "declaration"
	
	
	
														using statements
																|
												     namespace declaration
																|
													   class declaration
																|
										/					    |					   \
									classOne        		 classTwo				classThree
									   |						|                       |
									properties				properties				properties
									Methods                 "main" Method				Methods
														   Other Methods

	
																
																
																Methods 
																   |
															   varbiables
															   Statements
	
									// all properties are varbiables or objects
									// But all varbiables are not properties
									
Keywords
	Each language contains Keywords which have special meaning to it and cannot be used istam vachinatlu.
		
	Keywords are reserved words which convey a specific meaning to a compiler​
	"Variable names"(identifiers) cannot use keywords unless they include @ as a prefix.​
	@switch is a valid variable name, but switch is invalid as it is already a keyword​
		
Main Funstion
	Program execution starts and ends in the Main method​
		program execution main function lo start iye andulone end avtundi
		
Statement
	Statement is a unit of work and has to be terminated with a semi-colon
		statements anthe  computer ki oka pani cheppadam and statement rasaka semi-colon tho end cheyali
		anthe computer ki cheppina pani entavaruku apalo ani semi-colon use chesi chpetham
		computer ki oka time ki oka pani matrame cheppali anduke onka pani cheppaka semi-colon tho end chestham
		
Identifiers
	"varbiableName" are "identifiers" but all "identifiers" are not "variableName"
	An identifier is the name given to a programming component like a variable, class, method etc​
		indetifiers anthe names
		general ga identifier ni variables,classes, inka methods ki istham
	
	Identifiers must start with a alphabthe
		alphabthes​ can contain both uppercase and lowercase letters​
	
	Subsequent characters may be numbers, letters or underscores ( _ ) ​
		subsequent anthe next vache
		identifiers lo first character alphabthe undali inka second character lo numbers, alphabthes​ or underscores ( _ ) ​e muditlo evaina undochu
	
	Keywords cannot be used for identifiers​
		keyword names ni identifiers la use cheyalemu
	
	They are case-sensitive.​
	
	The Identifiers in the first column are incorrect because:​
		3rounds: starts with a number​
		Read&Write: Except underscore, no other special characters are allowed.​
		while: It is a keyword.​

	
	
VARIABLES
	To declare a variable you specify the data type and variable name followed by a value.
	SYNTAX
		DataType variableName = value;
		
	NAMING RULES
		Variables must start with underscore or letter
		Variables cannot contain spaces
		variables can contain numbers
		Cannot contain symbols (accept underscore)
			" _ " --- underscore